Add initial documentation for presto task (#222)
lyft/flyte: rsts/user/tasktypes/presto.rst

.. _presto-task-type:

=============

> Presto Tasks

Reviewer: Do we only support "querying" through Presto? is there an equivalent to "write to hive" task?

Should we elaborate that the query should only be the select statement since the "write outputs to a file" step is done by the plugin... but write that in a more humanly readable form ?

Reviewer 2: Makes sense. I  added a new section called `Flyte Presto Task` where it talks about some of the internals of how the task works.

=============

########
Presto
########
Presto is a query engine, similar to Hive, that is compatible with a lot of different data stores using a pluggable
connector model. At a high level, Presto tends to run a lot faster and more efficiently than Hive. To read more about
Presto, refer to `Presto official documentation`_

######################
Presto task parameters
######################

The following are various configurations that can be set for a Presto task

* ``dict[Text,flytekit.common.types.base_sdk_types.FlyteSdkType] task_inputs``: Optional inputs to the Presto task

> * ``Text statement``: The actual Presto query string itself (aka. a statement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Text statement``: The templated Presto statement to execute.
```

* ``Text catalog``: The Presto catalog for the given query
* ``Text schema``: The Presto schema for the given query

#######
Usage
#######

The following is a simple example of a Presto Flyte task. Note that unlike other tasks, there is no annotation that
denotes this as a Presto task. Instead, you  use the `SdkPrestoTask` class directly.

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: Simple Presto task example

   from __future__ import absolute_import

   from flytekit.sdk.tasks import inputs
   from flytekit.sdk.types import Types
   from flytekit.sdk.workflow import workflow_class, Input, Output
   from flytekit.common.tasks.presto_task import SdkPrestoTask

   schema = Types.Schema([("a", Types.String), ("b", Types.Integer)])

   presto_task = SdkPrestoTask(
       task_inputs=inputs(ds=Types.String, rg=Types.String),
       statement="SELECT * FROM hive.foo.bar WHERE ds = '{{ .Inputs.ds}}' LIMIT 10",
       output_schema=schema,
       routing_group="{{ .Inputs.rg }}",
       # catalog="hive",
       # schema="foo",
   )

   @workflow_class()
   class PrestoWorkflow(object):
       ds = Input(Types.String, required=True, help="Test string with no default")

>        # routing_group = Input(Types.String, required=True, help="Test string with no default")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

       p_task = presto_task(ds=ds, rg='etl')

       output_a = Output(p_task.outputs.results, sdk_type=schema)

This is another example usage of the Presto task, where each task is generated dynamically:

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: Dynamic Presto task example

   from __future__ import absolute_import

   from flytekit.sdk.tasks import inputs, outputs, dynamic_task
   from flytekit.sdk.types import Types
   from flytekit.sdk.workflow import workflow_class, Input, Output
   from flytekit.common.tasks.presto_task import SdkPrestoTask

   schema = Types.Schema([("session_id", Types.String), ("num_rides_completed", Types.Integer)])

>    query_template = """

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   statement_template = """
```

       SELECT
         session_id, num_rides_completed
       FROM
         hive.city.fact_airport_sessions
       WHERE
         ds = '{{ .Inputs.ds}}'
       LIMIT 10
   """

   presto_task = SdkPrestoTask(
       task_inputs=inputs(ds=Types.String, rg=Types.String),

>        statement=query_template,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       statement=statement_template,
```

       output_schema=schema,
       routing_group="{{ .Inputs.rg }}",
       # catalog="hive",
       # schema="city",
   )

   @outputs(presto_results=[schema])
   @dynamic_task
   def multiple_presto_queries(wf_params, presto_results):
       temp = []
       for ds in ('2020-02-20', '2020-02-21', '2020-02-22'):
           x = presto_task(ds=ds, rg='etl')

>            yield x

Reviewer: You can omit this line

           temp.append(x.outputs.results)

       presto_results.set(temp)

   @workflow_class()
   class PrestoWorkflow(object):
       ds = Input(Types.String, required=True, help="Test string with no default")

>        # routing_group = Input(Types.String, required=True, help="Test string with no default")

Reviewer: either delete commented line or if you really want, you can set a default and use it below?
